@ 900 IN SOA ns1 hostmaster 2015042601 600 300 3024000 900
@ 600 IN MX 10 av.blacknight.ie.
@ 900 IN TXT "v=spf1 ip4:83.141.104.144/28 a a:paidi.gcd.ie a:mail.gcd.ie a:www.gcd.ie a:secure.gcd.ie ip4:54.228.247.84 ~all"
@ 900 IN NS ns.heanet.ie.
900 IN NS ns1
900 IN NS ns1.kerna.ie.
900 IN NS ns2.kerna.ie.
@ 900 IN A 54.228.247.84
jel.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eth.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tuirse 900 IN A 83.141.104.149
tuirse 900 IN AAAA 2001:4d68:200e:1111::a5
cus.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jwb.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hea.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tar.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cre.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cap.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jei.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jls.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ifl.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
fap.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.deathcab 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ant.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
nsq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.irish 900 IN CNAME tuirse
ire.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
gaq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.irishnewsarchive.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eur.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
maths2014 900 IN CNAME ocras
pmj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
elearning 900 IN CNAME tuirse
jcr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
het.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sls.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
crx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
aes.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mcr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jnt.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hrd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
vmj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rre.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
psp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
irx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jag.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rmi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jes.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
gan.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
lexiscn.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
www.cao 900 IN A 81.17.252.70
cer.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
yec.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tre.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tah.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jrc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
safaribooksonline.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cpt.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
asm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
support.epnet.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sip 900 IN A 89.124.205.6
ier.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
itwiki 900 IN CNAME deathcab
epwl.aws.ebsco-content.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
lup.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
lexisnexis.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
gtd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ves.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
dingaling 900 IN A 89.124.205.6
ajl.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
nnr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
lecturers 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jsm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jbx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
FBC756DE67B00DACBD49569E701F160C.secure 900 IN CNAME 9107FA43A319B1342D503905B4814FDB0C2D3C45.comodoca.com.
tcp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rer.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cde.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jea.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cqx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eme.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
apr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
moh.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pom.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
digital 900 IN CNAME web1
btb.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
student 900 IN MX 1 ASPMX.L.GOOGLE.com.
900 IN MX 5 ALT1.ASPMX.L.GOOGLE.com.
900 IN MX 5 ALT2.ASPMX.L.GOOGLE.com.
900 IN MX 10 ASPMX2.GOOGLEMAIL.com.
900 IN MX 10 ASPMX3.GOOGLEMAIL.com.
900 IN MX 10 ASPMX4.GOOGLEMAIL.com.
900 IN MX 10 ASPMX5.GOOGLEMAIL.com.
jep.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hol.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ahh.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jpr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
vcj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tps.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
job.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pun.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
asj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.mygcdtest 300 IN CNAME tuirse
jmd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
proquest.safaribooksonline.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
bul.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
epnet.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mmd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
prf.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ldx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.marketingwiki 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jhh.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
samplesnew 900 IN CNAME ocras
spr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tcr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jcl.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
knuth 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.moodledev24 900 IN CNAME ocras
csi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
msj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
joe.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hpp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.safaribooksonline.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
dem.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jhn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jic.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jir.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.math2012 900 IN CNAME ocras
gsp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.su 900 IN CNAME su
ecs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
evi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
soe.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cel.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jcm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tag.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.justis.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jah.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sir.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
arp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
conf 900 IN A 83.141.104.153
jch.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hip.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
gbr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mie.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
chd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
bse.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.maths 900 IN CNAME tuirse
tcas.gcd.ie 900 IN CNAME siochain
jrp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jbr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jsp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
gmt.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
epm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cro.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rel.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eid.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
web.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jmt.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ipv6 900 IN NS ns1
coa.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
lch.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
foa.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
search.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cin.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mwiki 900 IN CNAME deathcab
smj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
aei.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
juh.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jds.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hhc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mtq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mej.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jou.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
emr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.search.ebscohost.com 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cad.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
nvs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ext.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ejd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
roa.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ezproxy6 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.search.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
edq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sae.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cgj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ajc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
p 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jrm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.library 900 IN CNAME tuirse
hsx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
trn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
slg.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
csc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
you.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ejw.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cmp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jid.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
isc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
wmr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tim.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ang.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cjb.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jim.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mil.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jsw.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
imp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
gpi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
dvr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
upd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
bmo.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.itwiki 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hsb.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
fcx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
arj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.westlaw.ie.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jse.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
search.ebscohost.com 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pds.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tap.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
web.a.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hhs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
euc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
spi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ebookpreview.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
web.d.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jsa.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ijm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jcc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cat.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.ezproxy6 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sdi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ejt.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jbd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www 900 IN CNAME sxvy3c6f7brly.proxy.aberdeencloud.com.
examiners 900 IN CNAME tuirse
rrn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
bas.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rse.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jdr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jdm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ctj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mdm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.newleftreview.org.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jpf.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
justis.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
shr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
con.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rcb.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eds.c.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
survey 900 IN CNAME deathcab
iss.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
global.ebsco-content.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
icu.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ehp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
scv.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cjr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ltj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
dio.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jfn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
m 900 IN CNAME sxvy3c6f7brly.proxy.aberdeencloud.com.
oss.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mwc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jar.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
heb.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
login.westlaw.ie.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rss.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
magni 900 IN A 89.124.205.9
mar.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
csv.directory 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jmk.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.snmci 900 IN CNAME deathcab
moodle 300 IN CNAME tuirse
pbi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jci.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
vcu.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
autodiscover 900 IN CNAME mail
ijd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eus.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sar.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
plt.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
bos.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
vet.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jcs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
csp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ccr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jhv.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mcs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jpc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cos.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pdj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
fty.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
isp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
wom.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jsd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sth.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.beta 900 IN CNAME beta
bcq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jvi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
snmci 900 IN CNAME deathcab
erx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.whatismyip.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mail1 900 IN A 83.141.104.156
ijo.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jsn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
epa.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sjp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
crc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
can.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jmh.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
frc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mlq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jhl.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ibe.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eup.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ajm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tse.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mygcdtest 300 IN CNAME tuirse
cao 900 IN A 81.17.252.70
jcp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ept.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
aeq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
joi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.dawsonera.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
emf.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ner.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
westlaw.ie.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jis.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jiv.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ijr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
dps.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
scp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
bcn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
marketingwiki 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jte.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jfh.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
wjn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
grifffmlogs 900 IN CNAME web1
cep.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hpc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jra.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ijl.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rsm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ptx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cjs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.print 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jme.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jos.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
dcm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
beta 900 IN A 78.153.210.173
tso.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jhi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.streams 900 IN CNAME tuirse
academic.mintel.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tia.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ncp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jca.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.lexis.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
lexis-nexis.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
hum.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tcn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
dis.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hpq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sgr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tak.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
irs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
print 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.my 300 IN CNAME tuirse
lsj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jvc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
web.lexisnexis.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
jen.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sax.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.mail 900 IN CNAME mail
bod.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jpp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jtd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
taj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sera 900 IN A 83.141.104.152
pen.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
abs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
idv.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
usj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.mwiki 900 IN CNAME deathcab
yjj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
spp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.webmail 900 IN CNAME tuirse
jbs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.survey 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pwm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cbr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
joc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
fbr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sgo.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tfj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
prq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
apm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
media2 900 IN CNAME ocras
alh.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jtr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tva.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
soc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
bms.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.directory 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.moodle 900 IN CNAME tuirse
atmail 900 IN A 83.141.104.155
www.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rrp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.worldcat.org.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hjb.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cdy.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
itq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.lexisnexis.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
nro.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jia.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ares 900 IN CNAME sera
my 300 IN CNAME tuirse
jab.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
DZC 900 IN TXT "gF1ARNr"
edr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
nms.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jrn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jbp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tpj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pvs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
aja.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
login.westlaw.co.uk.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jht.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
oae.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jbc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
library 900 IN CNAME tuirse
cloud 900 IN A 78.153.210.173
apj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mmr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
irm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
fla.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
it 900 IN CNAME deathcab
su 900 IN A 81.17.254.85
tam.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
munin 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hfs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
gac.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
smr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
stroodle 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cdp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
orm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
brn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tae.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
westlaw.co.uk.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
printing 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ebsco.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
lal.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eng.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sim.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cor.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
taw.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
isw.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
crj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
apply 900 IN CNAME sxvy3c6f7brly.proxy.aberdeencloud.com.
worldcat.org.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pos.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
iab.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
siochain 900 IN A 89.124.205.8
w3.lexis.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
www.lexis-nexis.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
eja.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jap.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mail.student 900 IN CNAME ghs.GOOGLE.com.
jcd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rsw.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
dij.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.innocenceproject 900 IN CNAME web1
pfr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
samples 900 IN CNAME tuirse
ccm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
newleftreview.org.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
web.c.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jhs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
media 900 IN CNAME tuirse
www.grifffmlogs 900 IN CNAME web1
chr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.sendit 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pps.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.tcas 900 IN CNAME tcas
worldcat.org.ezproxy6 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jop.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ihr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
wcx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
fst.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hij.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
aas.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ehq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cla.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ppg.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jvm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.stroodle 900 IN CNAME deathcab
gas.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cmx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.printing 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eds.b.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cbi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.p 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ijs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
epe.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
bjr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tab.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.elearning 900 IN CNAME tuirse
sex.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
clt.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pas.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jhp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tih.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tra.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sas.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jit.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jsr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jeb.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
wih.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
gom.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
epx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tec.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eaq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
irish 900 IN CNAME tuirse
ccs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
org.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jom.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
yas.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
fth.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
psr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
online.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
isq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ics.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
uar.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
smallcontent.ebsco-content.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cjp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
car.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
lea.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
esp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ecr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tcas 900 IN A 81.17.250.46
tde.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.lecturers 900 IN CNAME deathcab
trj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
crs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tpx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
crd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pus.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
adh.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jmi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
apa.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
imageserver.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jhm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
gcq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cmc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
yvj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.lexiscn.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
ann.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
slr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
crw.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ccp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.icep 900 IN CNAME icep
aer.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mcq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jpa.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
paidi 900 IN A 83.141.104.156
secure 900 IN A 81.17.252.161
shm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cnr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
qix.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sph.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ppa.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ijb.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jfi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tes.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ebx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.justcite.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
ceartgoleor.staff 900 IN AAAA 2001:4d68:200e:1211:21a:a0ff:fe8c:7d15
jam.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
wes.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tan.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cps.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.student 900 IN CNAME ghs.GOOGLE.com.
innocenceproject 900 IN CNAME web1
tvn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jlo.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
prb.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ips.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eep.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
chi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
content.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mhj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jtc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jcn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.samplesnew 900 IN CNAME ocras
streams 900 IN CNAME tuirse
www.worldcat.org.ezproxy6 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pwq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
aum.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
justcite.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
aff.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ped.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
helpdesk 900 IN CNAME tuirse
bji.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.digital 900 IN CNAME web1
dvd.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ajs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
dubmail 900 IN A 83.141.104.148
dubmail 900 IN AAAA 2001:4d68:200e:1111::a4
www.academic.mintel.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
fmx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.svn 900 IN CNAME web1
rme.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cis.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
svn 900 IN CNAME web1
lrt.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
esj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ecl.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
spgos.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
math2012 900 IN CNAME ocras
icep 900 IN A 81.17.254.24
jed.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
lap.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jba.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
gmc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
irishnewsarchive.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
das.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
bir.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
adb.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
lis.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
psc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ppq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
anm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jfe.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jgp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rac.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
spq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
web1 900 IN A 83.141.104.151
web1 900 IN AAAA 2001:4d68:200e:1111:215:5dff:fe28:6502
ajh.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jsi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jbt.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.it 900 IN CNAME deathcab
trs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ccj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
opp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
webmail 900 IN CNAME tuirse
ema.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
psi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
asr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eua.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
icj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ssi.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tcs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
alice 900 IN CNAME tuirse
ocras 900 IN A 89.124.205.10
ocras 900 IN AAAA 2001:4d68:200e:1111::aa
ioc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
whatismyip.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ctr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ijg.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sac.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rsh.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
bio.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ach.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jpl.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
wox.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sts.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.m 900 IN CNAME sxvy3c6f7brly.proxy.aberdeencloud.com.
ppn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ltr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
gaz.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
the.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
dms.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sag.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
chc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
aje.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jas.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hej.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
adr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tmt.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.maths2014 900 IN CNAME ocras
pqx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pch.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mms.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
grifffm 900 IN CNAME tuirse
smokeping 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sch.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ns1 900 IN A 83.141.104.147
ns1 900 IN AAAA 2001:4d68:200e:1111::a3
ns2 900 IN A 89.124.205.6
ns2 900 IN AAAA 2001:4d68:200e:1111::a6
jtp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eds.e.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ini.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
las.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
csx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cdq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
afs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jot.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jad.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tou.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
nej.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cpj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cac.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
knuth.student 900 IN CNAME deathcab
phg.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sed.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ejc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mail 900 IN A 83.141.104.156
directory 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jfs.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
nas.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
etn.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sad.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
oto.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.secure 900 IN CNAME secure
dawsonera.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
www.koha 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.examiners 900 IN CNAME tuirse
jce.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rsx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eab.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ntp 900 IN A 83.141.104.149
ntp 900 IN AAAA 2001:4d68:200e:1111::a5
www.samples 900 IN CNAME tuirse
mec.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
aph.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
isb.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sce.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ssc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
qsw.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jcx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sendit 900 IN CNAME deathcab
vaw.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
bron 900 IN A 89.124.205.62
eau.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
console.staff 900 IN A 83.141.104.151
maths 900 IN CNAME tuirse
mcx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jph.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
web.b.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jaa.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jpo.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
smm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
web.e.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
scx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
bst.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
pnz.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ras.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
deathcab 900 IN A 83.141.104.147
deathcab 900 IN AAAA 2001:4d68:200e:1111::a3
est.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
soq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
qrj.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
webdav 900 IN CNAME tuirse
jri.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ijt.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cispubs.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
enx.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tau.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jmm.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
fas.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
rop.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
cnc.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
qhr.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
tas.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eds.a.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
iqq.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sri.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
chp.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
eds.d.ebscohost.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jss.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
koha 900 IN CNAME deathcab
www.tcas.gcd.ie 900 IN CNAME siochain
lexis.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
aut.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mss.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mcu.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
jpe.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
hpy.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
uex.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sih.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
web.lexis-nexis.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME ezproxy
pss.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
staffonly 900 IN CNAME deathcab
csvdirectory 900 IN CNAME deathcab
ict.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
sss.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
mygcd-cian 300 IN CNAME tuirse
moodledev24 900 IN CNAME ocras
ppe.sagepub.com.ezproxy 900 IN CNAME deathcab
